[kab] Added datasheet for Kabyle (#82)
common-voice/cv-datasheets: content/locales/kab/shared/description.md

Kabyle (Taqbaylit) is a Berber (Amazigh) language spoken primarily in the Kabylie region (locally known as *Tamurt n Leqbayel*) of northern Algeria. It stands as one of the most widely spoken Amazigh languages worldwide, with a native speaker base estimated between 5 and 7 million individuals, including a dense historical diaspora across Europe and North America. Kabyle belongs to the Afroasiatic language family and uses a highly structured, Unicode-compliant Berber Latin alphabet tailored to represent its specific phonetic properties.

Following decades of historical advocacy, the 2002 constitutional revision recognized Tamazight (encompassing Kabyle) as a national language in Algeria, later achieving full official language status alongside Arabic in the 2016 constitutional amendment. Today, Kabyle is integrated into regional primary and secondary school curriculums, supported by an expanding ecosystem of institutional, educational, and digital multimedia resources.

> The language maintains a deep, vibrant oral heritage that transitioned seamlessly into the digital era. Kabyle boasts one of the most active Berber-language Wikipedia deployments, a vast localized open-source footprint (including complete Mozilla product suites), and serves as a major focal point for regional Natural Language Processing (NLP) research and speech-to-text machine learning initiatives.

Reviewer: The complete Mozilla product suites would include all of the following (https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/products/), which I don't think is accurate.

> The language maintains a deep, vibrant oral heritage that transitioned seamlessly into the digital era. Kabyle boasts one of the most active Berber-language Wikipedia deployments, a vast localized open-source footprint (including complete Mozilla product suites), and serves as a major focal point for regional Natural Language Processing (NLP) research and speech-to-text machine learning initiatives.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The language maintains a deep, vibrant oral heritage that transitioned seamlessly into the digital era. Kabyle boasts one of the most active Berber-language Wikipedia deployments, a vast localized open-source footprint (including the Mozilla localization platform, Pontoon), and serves as a major focal point for regional Natural Language Processing (NLP) research and speech-to-text machine learning initiatives.
```
